[store-review] Added error codes to docs (#9662)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/storereview.md

import InstallSection from '~/components/plugins/InstallSection';
import PlatformsSection from '~/components/plugins/PlatformsSection';
import TableOfContentSection from '~/components/plugins/TableOfContentSection';

**`expo-store-review`** provides access to the `SKStoreReviewController` API in iOS 10.3+ devices, allowing you to ask the user to rate your app without ever having to leave the app itself.

> > If this is used in Android the device will attempt to link to the Play Store using `Linking` API and the `android.playStoreUrl` from the `app.json` instead.

Author: ```suggestion
> If this is used in Android the device will attempt to link to the Play Store using native `Linking` and the `android.playStoreUrl` from `app.config.js` or `app.json` instead.
```

- Don't call `StoreReview.requestReview()` from a button - instead try calling it after the user has finished some signature interaction in the app.
- Don't spam the user
- Don't request a review when the user is doing something time sensitive like navigating.

### Write iOS Reviews

You can redirect someone to the "Write a Review" screen for an app in the iOS App Store by using the query parameter `action=write-review`. For example:

```ts
const itunesItemId = 982107779;
Linking.openURL(`https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-store/id${itunesItemId}?action=write-review`);
```

> This can occur when the options were invalid, when the network connection is weak, or when the preview is dismissed before the content could finish loading.

Reviewer: IMO this paragraph is out of context and does not fit the section - is it supposed to be below the example? 

Also, it may be worth mentioning, that on Android [you can redirect to Play store](https://developer.android.com/distribute/marketing-tools/linking-to-google-play) this way:
```ts
const applicationId = "com.myapp"; //in some places also called packageName, but it's not exactly the same thing
Linking.openURL(`https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=${applicationId}`
```
